injection of other agent	can be used for	pain management
injection of other agent	is a	medical procedure
injection of other agent	used in	anesthesia
injection of other agent	can treat	inflammation
injection of other agent	can provide	relief
injection of other agent	administered by	healthcare professionals
injection of other agent	can be given	intramuscularly
injection of other agent	can be given	subcutaneously
injection of other agent	can be given	intravenously
injection of other agent	can be given	epidurally
injection of other agent	can be given	intra-articularly
injection of other agent	can be given	intradermally
injection of other agent	can be given	intrathecally
injection of other agent	can be given	transdermally
injection of other agent	can be given	intranasally
injection of other agent	can be given	sublingually
injection of other agent	can be given	topically
injection of other agent	can be given	rectally
injection of other agent	can be given	intraocularly
injection of other agent	can be given	intraperitoneally
injection of other agent	can be given	intrapleuraly
injection of other agent	can be given	intracardially
injection of other agent	can be given	intrabladderly
injection of other agent	can be given	intravesically
injection of other agent	can be given	intravaginally
injection of other agent	can be given	intramuscularly
injection of other agent	can be given	intraepidermally
injection of other agent	can be given	intradermally
injection of other agent	can be given	paraspinal
injection of other agent	can be given	retrobulbarly
injection of other agent	can be given	retroperitoneally
injection of other agent	can be given	intradurally
injection of other agent	can be given	percutaneously
injection of other agent	can be given	intravitreally
injection of other agent	can be given	intrastromally
injection of other agent	can be given	intranasally
injection of other agent	can be given	intraspinally
injection of other agent	can be given	intratumorally
injection of other agent	can be given	intratumorally
injection of other agent	can be given	intralymphatically
injection of other agent	can be given	intrathoracically
injection of other agent	can be given	intraperitoneally
injection of other agent	can be given	axillary
injection of other agent	can be given	intratesticularly
injection of other agent	can be given	intrapleural
injection of other agent	can be given	intrapulmonary
injection of other agent	can be given	intralymphatic
injection of other agent	can be given	intracervically
injection of other agent	can be given	intramammary
injection of other agent	can be given	aural
injection of other agent	can be given	intranasally
injection of other agent	can be given	intrabronchial
injection of other agent	can be given	perineural
injection of other agent	can be given	intraoperatively
injection of other agent	can be given	intrarectally
injection of other agent	can be given	intrahernially
injection of other agent	can be given	intracoronary
injection of other agent	can be given	intrastromal
injection of other agent	can be given	intraamniotically
injection of other agent	can be given	pericapsular
injection of other agent	can be given	transfacially
injection of other agent	can be given	intragastrically
injection of other agent	can be given	intramyocardially
injection of other agent	can be given	intratumourally
injection of other agent	can be given	intracapsularly
injection of other agent	can be given	prenatal
injection of other agent	can be given	intracutaneously
injection of other agent	can be given	intraabdominally
injection of other agent	can be given	intrairway
injection of other agent	can be given	intracamerally
injection of other agent	can be given	intrasinciput
injection of other agent	can be given	intrasacrum
injection of other agent	can be given	intratarsally
injection of other agent	can be given	intralateral
injection of other agent	can be given	prseganglionically
injection of other agent	can be given	proncotypically
injection of other agent	can be given	prespazmodically
injection of other agent	can be given	postherpetic
